README.md, before:

# opfcli

## Building

To build this tool from a checked out copy of the repository, run:

```
make
```

This will produce an executable named `opfcli`.

## Usage

```
A command line tool for Operate First GitOps.

Use opfcli to interact with an Operate First style Kubernetes
configuration repository.

Usage:
  opfcli [command]

Available Commands:
  create-group      Create a group
  create-project    Onboard a new project into Operate First
  enable-monitoring Enable monitoring for a Kubernetes namespace
  grant-access      Grant a group access to a namespace
  help              Help about any command

Flags:
  -a, --app-name string   application name (default "cluster-scope")
  -f, --config string     configuration file
  -h, --help              help for opfcli
  -R, --repodir string    path to opf repository
```

### create-group

```
Create a group.

Create the group resource and associated kustomization file

Usage:
  opfcli create-group group [flags]

Flags:
  -h, --help                 help for create-project
```

### create-project

```
Onboard a new project into Operate First.

- Register a new group
- Register a new namespace with appropriate role bindings for your group

Usage:
  opfcli create-project projectName projectOwner [flags]

Flags:
  -d, --description string   Team description
  -h, --help                 help for create-project
```

## enable-monitoring

```
Enable monitoring fora Kubernetes namespace.

This will add a RoleBinding to the target namespace that permits
Prometheus to access certain metrics about pods, services, etc.

Usage:
  opfcli enable-monitoring namespace [flags]

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for enable-monitoring
```

### grant-access

```
Grant a group access to a namespace.

Grant a group access to a namespace with the specifed role
(admin, edit, or view).

Usage:
  opfcli grant-access namespace group role [flags]

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for grant-access
```

Use "opfcli [command] --help" for more information about a command.

## Configuration

The `opfcli` command will look for a configuration file `.opfcli.yaml`
in two places:

- It first checks in the top level of the current git repository. If
  you are running the `opfcli` command outside of a git repository it
  will instead check the current directory.

- If it doesn't find a local configuration file, it will look for
  `~/.opfcli.yaml`.

Use the `OPF_LOGLEVEL` environment variable to set logging verbosity.
The default is `1` (informational), but you can also set it to `0`
(warnings only) or `2` (or greater), which enables debug output.

### Available configuration options

- `app-name` -- sets the name of the directory containing your YAML
  resources. This defaults to `cluster-scope`.

## Examples

### Create a project

```
opfcli create-project project1 group1 -d "This is project1"
```

This will result in:

```
cluster-scope/
├── base
│   ├── core
│   │   └── namespaces
│   │       └── project1
│   │           ├── kustomization.yaml
│   │           └── namespace.yaml
│   └── user.openshift.io
│       └── groups
│           └── group1
│               ├── group.yaml
│               └── kustomization.yaml
└── components
    └── project-admin-rolebindings
        └── group1
            ├── kustomization.yaml
            └── rbac.yaml
```

### Create a group

```
opfcli create-group group2
```

This will result in:

```
cluster-scope/
└── base
    └── user.openshift.io
        └── groups
            └── group1
                ├── group.yaml
                └── kustomization.yaml
```

### Grant access to a project

```
opfcli grant-access project1 group2 view
```

This will result in:

```
cluster-scope/components/project-view-rolebindings/
└── group2
    ├── kustomization.yaml
    └── rbac.yaml
```

(And will modify
`cluster-scope/base/core/namespaces/project1/kustomization.yaml`)

## License

opfcli -- A tool for managing an Operate First style configuration repository.  
Copyright (C) 2021 Operate First Team

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Refactor api into a separate module
Make unit testing easier by separating the API from the command-line
processing logic. There is now an api module that defines an API type,
and API methods are called on objects of that type.

Cobra commands are allocated dynamically, rather than statically. If
we re-introduce tests specifically for the CLI, this will make testing
easier by ensuring that each test can start with a clean Cobra
environment.

Closes #9

Change-Id: I21e9176bd2fb23c1841277cecbaa344578dd5052

README.md, after:

# opfcli

## Building

To build this tool from a checked out copy of the repository, run:

```
make
```

This will produce an executable named `opfcli`.

## Usage

```
A command line tool for Operate First GitOps.

Use opfcli to interact with an Operate First style Kubernetes
configuration repository.

Usage:
  opfcli [command]

Available Commands:
  create-group      Create a group
  create-project    Onboard a new project into Operate First
  enable-monitoring Enable monitoring for a Kubernetes namespace
  grant-access      Grant a group access to a namespace
  help              Help about any command

Flags:
  -a, --app-name string   application name (default "cluster-scope")
  -f, --config string     configuration file
  -h, --help              help for opfcli
  -R, --repodir string    path to opf repository
```

### create-group

```
Create a group.

Create the group resource and associated kustomization file

Usage:
  opfcli create-group group [flags]

Flags:
  -h, --help                 help for create-project
```

### create-project

```
Onboard a new project into Operate First.

- Register a new group
- Register a new namespace with appropriate role bindings for your group

Usage:
  opfcli create-project projectName projectOwner [flags]

Flags:
  -d, --description string   Team description
  -h, --help                 help for create-project
  -n, --no-limitrange        Do not set a limitrange on this project
  -q, --quota string         Set a quota on this project

Global Flags:
  -a, --app-name string      application name (default "cluster-scope")
  -f, --config-file string   configuration file
  -r, --repo-dir string      path to opf repository
```

## enable-monitoring

```
Enable monitoring fora Kubernetes namespace.

This will add a RoleBinding to the target namespace that permits
Prometheus to access certain metrics about pods, services, etc.

Usage:
  opfcli enable-monitoring namespace [flags]

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for enable-monitoring
```

### grant-access

```
Grant a group access to a namespace.

Grant a group access to a namespace with the specifed role
(admin, edit, or view).

Usage:
  opfcli grant-access namespace group role [flags]

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for grant-access
```

Use "opfcli [command] --help" for more information about a command.

## Configuration

The `opfcli` command will look for a configuration file `.opfcli.yaml`
in two places:

- It first checks in the top level of the current git repository. If
  you are running the `opfcli` command outside of a git repository it
  will instead check the current directory.

- If it doesn't find a local configuration file, it will look for
  `~/.opfcli.yaml`.

Use the `OPF_LOGLEVEL` environment variable to set logging verbosity.
The default is `1` (informational), but you can also set it to `0`
(warnings only) or `2` (or greater), which enables debug output.

### Available configuration options

- `app-name` -- sets the name of the directory containing your YAML
  resources. This defaults to `cluster-scope`.

## Examples

### Create a project

```
opfcli create-project project1 group1 -d "This is project1"
```

This will result in:

```
cluster-scope/
├── base
│   ├── core
│   │   └── namespaces
│   │       └── project1
│   │           ├── kustomization.yaml
│   │           └── namespace.yaml
│   └── user.openshift.io
│       └── groups
│           └── group1
│               ├── group.yaml
│               └── kustomization.yaml
└── components
    └── project-admin-rolebindings
        └── group1
            ├── kustomization.yaml
            └── rbac.yaml
```

### Create a group

```
opfcli create-group group2
```

This will result in:

```
cluster-scope/
└── base
    └── user.openshift.io
        └── groups
            └── group1
                ├── group.yaml
                └── kustomization.yaml
```

### Grant access to a project

```
opfcli grant-access project1 group2 view
```

This will result in:

```
cluster-scope/components/project-view-rolebindings/
└── group2
    ├── kustomization.yaml
    └── rbac.yaml
```

(And will modify
`cluster-scope/base/core/namespaces/project1/kustomization.yaml`)

## License

opfcli -- A tool for managing an Operate First style configuration repository.  
Copyright (C) 2021 Operate First Team

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
